==Here is the license for the data==

Copyright 2020 by The New York Times Company 

In light of the current public health emergency, The New York Times Company is
providing this database under the following free-of-cost, perpetual,
non-exclusive license. Anyone may copy, distribute, and display the database, or
any part thereof, and make derivative works based on it, provided  (a) any such
use is for non-commercial purposes only and (b) credit is given to The New York
Times in any public display of the database, in any publication derived in part
or in full from the database, and in any other public use of the data contained
in or derived from the database.
  
By accessing or copying any part of the database, the user accepts the terms of
this license. Anyone seeking to use the database for other purposes is required
to contact The New York Times Company at covid-data@nytimes.com to obtain
permission.

The New York Times has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the
information. However, the database may contain typographic errors or
inaccuracies and may not be complete or current at any given time. Licensees
further agree to assume all liability for any claims that may arise from or
relate in any way to their use of the database and to hold The New York Times
Company harmless from any such claims.

[My note: Raw facts can not be protected by copyright, as per 
 *Feist Publications, Inc., v. Rural Telephone Service Co.*, and it’s
 an open question whether NYT’s interpretations of information to get 
 “this many people have COVID-19 in this county on this date” can be 
 protected by copyright.  See also: *Astrolabe, Inc. v. Olson et al.*
 That said, I respect the hard work New York Times is doing to assemble 
 this data and will therefore include their copyright.]

==Here is the license for all code here==

BSD 2-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2020, Sam Trenholme
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
